# Hangman
Game completion:
The code on line 1 provides the function to manipulate random integers. This will allow for the words to randomly selected in the game so that the player is going to get one of the 5 words within the game rather than the same word keep on being repeated.
The code on lines line 2 defines the variable for the display of the hangman game.
The code on line 3 to 51 displays what the player will see when then make a guess. I have used ... to instruct python that the hangman pics are seperate pictures and will allow for the pictures then to be displayed in  chronological order. 
The code on line 52 demonstrates the variable word_list. I jave then split the list of words to tell python that the words are seperate so that they do not all appear in one game. 
The code on line 54 creates the class which bundles the hangman data together. This creates the game which allows me to assign the objects to the game which then follow in lines 55 to 57. These are not defined because they are defined in the 'init' function. 
The code on line 59 the initilisation is defined. This creates the object state of the class. This allocates the data members of the class which are the hangman game itself, the lives the player has within the game and allocates the word_list to the game. This is then defined a none because the data members are defined on lines 60 to 62.
The code on 60 defined the lives in the game which will then run the code 102, 107 and 120. This then tells the programme that the inputter has 7 lives and the game will start with zero and minus one with each incorrect answer.
The code on line 61 defines the variable word which is made from the word_list on line 52. Random is assigned to the word_list to make sure that when the game is played a random word is allocated. Randint is used to provide the parameters of start and end and allocated 0 to make sure no letters are displayed when the gsme starts. Len function is then used to return the length of string. This then allows for the inputter to see a letter when it is guessed. Lower is then used to display the letters in lower case.
The code on line 62 defines the variable correct_guesses. This allows for the game to run a list based upon an inputters guess to then display either the correct guess or an updated version of the hangman picture. The code corresponding to this variable in action is explained later.
The code on line 64 defines the method of get_user_input. This will contain the code to allow the user to input data that is valid to the game. The code on line 65 then defines what the inputter can type which is defined as alphabetical data and only one piece letter at a time. Guess which is the used input is then asking the inputter to type a letter which will then be displayed in lower case. This is written on line 65. The code on line 69 will then return the users input so that they can see what they have guessed. 
The code on line 71 defines the method of check_guess. This contains the code for checking if the user input is within the word or not and then will provide them with an output. Line 72 provides the checking method for if guess is in the word then either one of the following responses will be give. Line 74 provides the first response so if the user input is in the word but they have already guessed it then it will provide the output "you have already guessed (display letter)" This will then check the guess is valid and within the word and keep a record of what letters have already been guessed. The else code on line 76 to 78 then provides the output for the inputter if they hve typed a letter that is within the work. The string on line 78 will then achive this letter so that if the inputter types it again then the code on line 74 and 75 will run again. The code that runs on line 80 to 82 then runs the code if the user has inputted an incorrect guess which will then return the incorrect guess to the user but archive this guess so that it will then run the code for already guessed. Then returning true on line 84 will display the guess in relation to what type of input the user has provided.
The code on line 86 defines display_guessed_letter. This code is designed to display the hangman pic in relation to the letters the inputter guesses. The code on line 87 used the function output to disply the specific letter that the inputter has typed. The code on line 88 provides one of the main functions within the definition. It will display the inputter with the letter that is alphabetical and in lower case as related to an earlier function. This will then display if the letter is within in the word or not which is determined through the code on line 89. The function on lines 89 and 90 will display the letter independently if it is not within the word. If the code is in the word the it would be displayed through the code on line 91. These functions were used to enable the inputter to see what letters they have chosen or previously guessed. Based upon the input that is ran through these codes this will then effect the output from line 93 which displays the hangman pictures and the progress so far of guessing the word but will progress through the pictures if the inputter makes an incorrect guess.The code on line 94 also displays what letter the inputter has guessed so that they can see that the letter is not in the word.
The code on line 96 defined play_game. This is created in order to hold the code for the main functions of the game. Through defining play_game it makes it easer to allocate the code to the main game which is an important feature to run the game within the class. The code on line 97 prints the statement to display the length of the word in order to inform the inputter to know how many letters they need to guess correctly to win the game. The code on line 98 is used to not display the the word that the inputter is guessing. The main game loop has then been created using the function of a while loop this is used to keep repeating the process of the game to allow the user to continue guessing letters until the run out of lives. This is completed through the code on lines 101 to 106. The code on line 101 provides the function of while the inputter has not reached zero lives and has not guessed the word then the following code will run. Line 103 just runs the definition of display_guessed_letters so that the inputter can see what they are guessing or have guessed and their progress with hangman. The brackets are used to tell the string that only run this code as long as the inputter has not ran out of lives and not guessed the word. Following this the code on line 105 defines the inputters guess which comes from running the previous made definition of get_user_input. This allows python to know that the input is required to carry on running the while loop. The code on line 106 runs the function within the loop to remove one live if the inputter guesses the letter incorrectly. The code on line 108 defines the word_guessed which will display the length of the correct_guesses and the length of the random allocated word so that the inputter can see whether they have or have not guessed the word. The function for completing the while loop in the strings on lines 111 to 114. This section of code runs two functions. Firstly if the inputter guesses the word correctly then they will be displyed with the code on line 112 this will include what the word is. Otherwise if the inputter guesses the word incorrectly then the gme will display the code on line 114 which lso displays what the word is that the inputter is trying to guess. The function on line 113 and 114 will run if the inputter runs out of lives. 
The code on line 117 to 122 runs the final function which is required to make the class function work under the definition of main. The code on line 118 runs another while loop which is used to runs the functions for playing the game and ending the game if the inputter does not wish to play anymore. The code on line 119 runs defines hangman which equals the class including the number of lives to start the game and the random choice word. The code on line 120 runs the string of hangman with the defined function of play_game. This will run the code within the play_game function so that the game is displayed. The code on line 121 runs the code for defining user_quit this will provide the inputter with a question when they have completed the game to ask them if they would like to play again or leave the game. The code on line 122 runs the function of ending the game if the inputter decides that they do not want to continue playing the game. 
The final string is 124 which drinks all the functions together within the main and will run the class so that the inputter can play the hangman game. 